Update sum example and readme. (#297)
powdr-org/powdr: README.md

```rust
#![no_std]

extern crate alloc;
use alloc::vec::Vec;

use runtime::get_prover_input;

#[no_mangle]
pub fn main() {
    // This is the sum claimed by the prover.
    let proposed_sum = get_prover_input(0);

>     // The number of integers w ewant to sum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // The number of integers we want to sum.
```
